Clarify meaning of numlocal param in WAITAOF command (#2446)
redis/redis-doc: commands/waitaof.md

This command blocks the current client until all previous write commands by that client are acknowledged as having been fsynced to the AOF of the local Redis and/or at least the specified number of replicas.

> `numlocal` represents the number of local fsyncs required to be confirmed before proceeding. When `numlocal` is set to 1, it means the command should wait until the data written to the Redis instance is confirmed to be persisted to the local AOF file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`numlocal` represents the number of local fsyncs required to be confirmed before proceeding.
When `numlocal` is set to 1, the command blocks until the data written to the Redis instance is confirmed to be persisted to the local AOF file.
The value 0 disables this check.
```
